---
title: "DEFCON 33: Recap"
subtitle: "My second time at DEFCON"
date: "2025-09-05"
tags: ["defcon", "ctf", "blog"]
draft: true
---
## Foreword

Last year when I attended DEFCON 32 to participate in DEFCON CTF Finals with merger team FMC, I had to go alone as we (NUS Greyhats) were unable to secure a sponsorship for everyone to attend. This year, as my last objective in Greyhats' executive committee, I told myself that I would do everything I could to get Greyhats to DEFCON. And I'm extremely grateful to say that we succeeded in finding sponsorships to fly us to DEFCON 33 and experience all the amazing things there. Massive massive thanks to all our sponsors for making this possible - needless to say, this was an unforgettable trip for the team.

# About DEFCON

I think DEFCON needs no introduction to anyone in the field of cybersecurity. DEFCON has always sort of had a mythical status to most (if not all) of us in the team as we viewed it as one of the biggest, and in some way, one of the most prestigious cybersecurity conferences in the world. It stands out in that it really is a by-hackers-for-hackers con with pretty much full focus on the technical side of hacking, as opposed to the bulk of cybersecurity conferences that we've had the chance to attend, which focused more on the business side.

When I was approached for whether I was interested in securing a sponsorship to fly Greyhats to DEFCON, I immediately jumped on the idea. I mean - it's _DEFCON!_ And it just went from there. After having heard stories of all the interesting things that happen at DEFCON, and having finally been able to be there in person last year, I couldn't wait to be there again, this time with all my friends from Greyhats.

## Pre-con

Being based in Singapore, it was an excruciating 18 hours for us to reach the states. We opted to travel to and from LAX as the cost to fly there is actually slightly cheaper, and we also get the added benefit of being able to explore Los Angeles before returning home. The transit itself was smooth - the services on JAL/AA and SIA were good and the seats were surprisingly comfortable. We landed in the morning in LA and managed to visit some famous places like muscle beach and Santa Monica pier before our flight to Nevada.

Some of our members actually managed to get student tickets to BSides so they attended BSides while the rest of us went to walk around the Vegas strip area and just took the time to relax before the big event.

# DEFCON 33

## Meeting Old Friends

## Technical Talks

### Chrome V8

### LLM Prompt Injection

## Red Team Village CTF

## Afterword

Needless to say, this was definitely one of the best trips that we have made as Greyhats, having not only experienced our firsts (first DEFCON for most of the team!), but also being able to come home with the souvenir of a lifetime. I've always been fascinated by how even the hacking community is influenced by regional culture, as evident in the differences between hacker culture in the west and hacker culture here in Singapore. While I personally think there are merits and demerits to both sides, I always love going out to experience all the different vibes around the world.

Now that DEFCON is also coming to Singapore, I've had the chance to speak to Jeff Moss, and it is as much of his hope as it is ours to be able to have even a part of the amazing DEFCON vibes and shienanigans in the Singapore rendition of DEFCON. Please consider coming to attend the first iteration of DEFCON Singapore!

Even to this day, I still can't shake off the excitement of winning a black badge. I will see everyone again next year :)

### Special Thanks

- **All my amazing teammates in NUS Greyhats**
  - for making this one of the trips of a lifetime
- **All our amazing sponsors**
  - for making the trip a possibility
